Cave Story: remove mention of 100% objective (#7137)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed: Damage Reduction now functions correctly when more than 1 copy of a suit or more than 2 progressive suits are shuffled in the pool.
- Fixed: The seed hash on the ending screen will not clip anymore

### Cave Story

> - Fixed: The explanation text in the objective tab referring to a 100% objective that does not exist.

Reviewer: I would say "no longer refers to"

> - Fixed: The explanation text in the objective tab referring to a 100% objective that does not exist.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed: The explanation text in the objective tab no longer refers to a 100% objective that does not exist.
```
